Testimonial: Alyssa Conley
Date of Testimonial	5/22/2019
Company	Lingo Live www.lingolive.com
Position at company	Director of Coach Community
Working relationship	Peer, Product and Leadership
How long did we work together	2 years
Recommendation
I recommend Anthony for anyone who is looking to build high quality, ethical products that impact the world positively - from the employee, to the user, and beyond.  Anthony is passionate and bold, without being aggressive or overbearing.  He works hard to builds rapport and a culture around his vision and leadership, seeking unity and alignment where necessary and is unafraid to oppose when he perceives risk.  I admire Anthony's approach to team building, management, and engineering ethics.  Many can benefit from his consult and contributions. 

What is your most memorable accomplishment together
Working through a time of crisis in the executive/leadership space.  At a time where there was deep distrust of the company leadership, Anthony played an integral role in developing the executive and leadership team in concepts of "psyhcological safety" and "building trust."  His guidance (and our openness to the conversation) led our company out of culture crisis and turmoil and into forward momentum and better trust among colleagues and particularly from the company in the leadership team. Culture ebbs and flows, but without Anthony's partnership and strategy in this space, I believe Lingo Live would have lost most of it's engineering, product, and learning department. 

Biggest Strengths
Consideration of and commitment to long-term quality vs. unstable short term gains.  Empathy and ability to listen to others without getting distracted or deviating from the priorities at hand.  Technical and management coaching and mentorship.  Building rapport with colleagues.  Leadership.    

Biggest Weaknesses
If Anthony is continually roadblocked in a way that diminishes his sense of value and voice, he can resort to the path of least resistance and give up on the "fight to be heard" and let those who have diminished his perspective "have their way." I think this is a common reaction for most people, but I do believe that Anthony has a particularly strong ethic and calculated approach to his way of working, thinking, assessing, and analyzing, and I believe he can grow by reducing his emotional attachment to "what's right" so that his advocacy is less personally draining and he can extend his energy to push through and beyond the closed-mindedness or resistance of particularly stubborn individuals. 

Advice for future employers
Anthony is not afraid to "disagree and commit" but he needs to know that his basis for disagreement has first been heard and considered.  Just as he will consider, calculate, and accept opposing views to his own, he holds others to the same standards.  In my perspective, this is a huge contributing factor to ensuring Anthony feels validated and visible in his role, and that he has autonomy and a voice in the workplace.  From my experience working with Anthony, I believe he deeply values these qualities in a company, role, position, or colleague.  Future employers of Anthony will need to value and uphold "listening and critical thinking" as desired and necessary skills for workplace success, and it must be a two way street.   

What type of work environment do you think Anthony will most likely thrive in?
An environment that values calculated risk and quality over haphazard experimentation and perceived "speed."  An environment with strong ethics around protecting human rights and does not exploit others for profit. 

Would you work with/for Anthony again?
Absolutely, in a heartbeat.  If he were to recommend a company or work opportunity to me, I know it would be based on his perception of my strengths and areas for growth and their compatibility with the open position.  I'd take any recommendation he made for me very seriously, because it would come from a place of best-interest for both me and the success of the role at hand.  Equally, if I were to find a role that suited Anthony's expertise and interests, I would happily recommend him and serve as a reference.
